[Service Bus] Changelog for management client change (#12928)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

* Added new properties to PeekedMessaged and ReceivedMessage: `enqueued_sequence_number`, `dead_letter_error_description`,
`dead_letter_reason`, `dead_letter_source`, `delivery_count` and `expires_at_utc`. Please refer to the docstring for further information.
* Added support for sending received messages via `ServiceBusSender.send_messages`.
* Added `on_lock_renew_failure` as a parameter to `AutoLockRenew.register`, taking a callback for when the lock is lost non-intentially (e.g. not via settling, shutdown, or autolockrenew duration completion)
* Added new supported value types int, float, datetime and timedelta for `CorrelationFilter.properties`.

> * Added new property `parameters` to `SqlRuleFilter` and `SqlRuleAction`

Reviewer: `requires_preprocessing` is also new to SqlRuleAction compared to b4?

Author: Yes. Updated.

  - Removed property `settled` on `PeekMessage`.
  - Removed property `expired` on `ReceivedMessage`.

* `AutoLockRenew.sleep_time` and `AutoLockRenew.renew_period` have been made internal as `_sleep_time` and `_renew_period` respectively, as it is not expected a user will have to interact with them.
* `AutoLockRenew.shutdown` is now `AutoLockRenew.close` to normalize with other equivelent behaviors.

* Renamed `QueueDescription`, `TopicDescription`, `SubscriptionDescription` and `RuleDescription` to `QueueProperties`, `TopicProperties`, `SubscriptionProperties`, and `RuleProperties`.

> * Renamed `QueueRuntimeInfo`, `TopicRuntimeInfo`, and `SubscriptionRuntimeInfo` to `QueueRuntimeProperties`, `TopicRuntimeProperties`, and `SubscriptionRunmtimeProperties`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Renamed `QueueRuntimeInfo`, `TopicRuntimeInfo`, and `SubscriptionRuntimeInfo` to `QueueRuntimeProperties`, `TopicRuntimeProperties`, and `SubscriptionRumtimeProperties`
```

* Removed param `queue` from `create_queue`, `topic` from `create_topic`, `subscription` from `create_subscription` and `rule` from `create_rule`
 of `ServiceBusManagementClient`. Added param `name` to them and keyword arguments for queue properties and topic properties.

> * Removed model class attributes related keyword arguments from `update_queue` and `update_topic` of `ServiceBusManagementClient`. Use the model class instance instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removed model class attributes related keyword arguments from `update_queue` and `update_topic` of `ServiceBusManagementClient`. This is to encourage utilizing the model class instance instead as returned from a create_*, update_*, or list_* or get_* operation to ensure it is properly populated.  Properties may still be modified.
```

> * Added arguments validation when creating model class `QueueProperties`, `TopicProperties`, `SubscriptionProperties` and `RuleProperties`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Model classes `QueueProperties`, `TopicProperties`, `SubscriptionProperties` and `RuleProperties` require all arguments to be present for creation.  This is to protect against lack of partial updates by requiring all properties to be specified.
```
